Split Importing content assembly (#4774)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_recovering-corrupted-content.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="recovering-corrupted-content"]
= Recovering corrupted content

[role="_abstract"]

> If repository or Smart{nbsp}Proxy content is corrupted or metadata is inconsistent, use recovery and republish procedures to restore a consistent state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If repository or {SmartProxy} content is corrupted or metadata is inconsistent, use recovery and republish procedures to restore a consistent state.
```
